=== a Text Croping Monkey Path

If you have a system with articles you often want a teaser giving a small introduction.
But if you simple cut the text after lets say 300 letters you mostly cut mid-sentence.
Given a Range you can cut your text returning a string within the ranges length at full sentences.


=== Features

* Splits at ? ! .
* respects abbreviations
* find sentences ending on special chars like " )


=== Usage

* returns an array of sentences
    string.split_sentence
* return a cropped text within the range given length
   string.crop(range)
where range is a range between 0 and string.size
* checks whether the string looks like a full sentence
    string.is_full_sentence?


=== Example

string ="This is an example text. With some sentence. (Look at the tests for more.)"
string.split_sentence # ["This is an example text.","With some sentence.","(Look at the tests for more.)"]
string.crop(20..50) # "This is an example text. With some sentence."
"This is an example text.".is_full_sentence? # true
"This is an example".is_full_sentence? # false


=== License

Copyright (c) 2010 by Manuel Kniep. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.